hello to you again the game channel
bertone is java lead earring in the old
today's video will tell asala buckwheat
money that I have already laid out on my own
Channel many say the, that he not
works on new-generation consoles
but it works on all consoles and
moreover, it works after the last
here this patches which was literally on
days and so for this buckwheat
you need a garage without an apartment and
this garage you at least should be one
free space further must also you
it is desirable to be fully loaded
and you chase this pontus of this garage
and who you left the garage you
Park the plant in exactly the same way.
what do i do to you now
not required 2 car to
block all these doors is enough
so divided whether to park your fanta
and your car will be completely
blocked and so you will
somewhat free to teleport
then run to the street
hijack any transport car
funds as soon as they kicked out any
passenger car inside
Salon call the phone take any
service can be pegasus
let's pegasus and wait for this one
menu ready to ask menu
drive up and here this smart machine
close to the gate of your garage and after
this gets out of the car and leave here
this menu and then get any there
automatic weapon to chew
on not to involve the police and
start shooting at the hood until
until your car is on fire
triangle is quickly pressed sit in
this car your card flashes again
click on the triangle only your
the character has become both feet on the asphalt
Quickly presses your son triangle
the character is teleported here this ponto and
Chernetskaya seconds how we see you
throws your garage further to have dice
what your glich went by correctly you
just go out and go look
your here this ponto original she
will stand nearby as we see
now I have it worth it with mine
by garage
I sit her and drive back the garage
remember this panda is the second you
don't have to sell it your original
Only that one is sold.
copier 0 and 1 time and threw in the garage
sit in this panda and go to sell
her in los santos customs for over 200
thousand dollars unfortunately grech not
overcome the vice 45 minutes but not
less i repeat it is a good hiv
for money you can sell these
cars every 45 minutes for 200 thousand and
pretty good result on that
I have everything if you liked the video
like and subscribe to my
channel and you also forget to join
my group vkontakte and subscribe to
my twitter to keep abreast of mine
the most recent videos of gta
online is also engaged in pumping your
characters on the playstation 3 platforms
gta world we have interests you
this kind of service turning my group on
cheat links will not be in the description to
this video
but I also have a second channel
He is dedicated to such video games as
driver vds target tony and so on there
you are interested in the video game data games
crazy subscribe to my second
channel link will also be in the description to
this video but now with all of you
say goodbye do not smoke do not drink play
gta online and listen to your mother hardcore
bye everyone
boys and chaps carnival of snow with brothers
and the other Muchachos present to your
attention rosary series about gang america
This series is called Country Bank
the only one who translates it into
Russian is a cabstar earring that is
I therefore those who like gta those
who has his gang in gta online will
very interesting to see
series from this series pro m 13
Aryan brotherhood of fellow blood feuds
angels of hell and so on link to group
vkontakte series I will leave below to this
video come and see